Digital Media, Got digital design in your DNA? iCreate explores the high-octane world of digital media, and is the perfect course to unlock your imagination, enhance your skills and prepare you for further study. This is where your creativity and digital technology collide – and multiply!
English & Digital Design, Did you know it is possible to study English at the same time as digital design? With this unique course offered only at Yoobee School of Design Auckland you will be able to improve your academic English, as well as gain the essential design skills necessary to start a career pathway in the creative industry.
Game Art and Development, Want a programme that teaches you how to create stunning video games from scratch? Our Diploma in Game Art is the ultimate offering.
Digital Design – Web and Graphic, This programme is totally new. Designed to meet the latest industry demands, it provides an excellent starting point for students looking to study further in the fields of Graphic Design & Web Development.
Animation and Film Production, You’ve got a vast imagination. You love film and TV. If you just had the tools and knowledge, who knows what incredible work you could do?
Web and UX Design, The internet has revolutionised the way we communicate, shop, bank, play games and share information. The pace of change is skyrocketing – and so too is the demand for talented internet professionals. Everything you see on the vast online world is made possible by web developers. The Diploma in Web and UX Design will give you the practical skills you need to make your mark in this exciting industry. 
Screen Production, If you’ve always wanted to create visual effects for films and produce video content then this programme is for you. Learn about the full screen production process, from pre-production, to production, to post-production. Master a wide range of skills such a cinematography, sound capture, script writing, storyboarding, directing, producing, editing, sound design, colour grading, compositing and visual effects.
3D Production, A career in 3D Production combines artistry with the latest technology. The Diploma in 3D Production gives you the skills you need to turn your creative ideas into compelling images, capturing the essence of movement to bring characters and scenes to life.
Digital Media, The Diploma of Digital Media (Advanced) is designed to build on your current education and experience. It lets you innovate, experiment, pursue your own project ideas and create some amazing work, enabling you to broaden your skills as a visual communicator.
Whether you want to work in print, motion graphics or interactive media, our intensive hands-on Digital Media programme will help you take the next step in your career.
Advanced 3D Graphics, Want to bring fantastic stories to life? Make the unreal, real? The impossible, possible? Specialise in advanced 3D productions and become a leading agent of change in tomorrow’s CG industry.